Working Groups
=======

Theresa - GIS GROUP
-----
* Gis Group needs more people
* GEONIS needs a service agreement


Don - SENSOR GROUP
-----
* Smart Forest
* Sensor Networks
* Streaming Data webpage- who has?-- Wade, Sven, Phil, Margaret, :: add more ::
* Where are they now


John- PASTA GROUP
-----

* better search options
* METADATA organization
* too many results in some cases
* first all site searchable data

Inigo -- DRUPAL GROUP
-----

* code commits for the master branches of DEIMS
* special ones for each group, like mcmurdo, ntl :: add more ::
* CSV v. EML etc.
* Training? - last year Taiwan too far? but this year, 3 sessions
* Development, training, migration and adoption

Wade -- DATABITS ISSUE
-----

* what can we add
* next databits editor

POSTERS / WORKING Groups
-------------

* Tuesday -- 3D scientific visualization, Long's Peak Diamond West, 4:00-6:00
* Wednesday -- 1:30 to 3:30 Mountain West East, Ned Garner, Visualization Workshop
* Tuesday -- 8:45 AM Ned's Talks
* Tuesday -- 10 am, DEIMS talk - Phil
* Wednesday -- 4 pm, Migrating your site to DEIMS
* Tuesday - 1:30-3:30 an exploration in LTER Large Data -- "big data"? Haha.
* Wednesday - 8:00 to 9:45 - GCE Sensor Toolbox usage, opportunities to get deeper into it, needs assessment
* - data 1 and discovery problem (is this like SEO?) Semantic web features
* - new data center ad hoc group

>> JAMES HAD A MOUSTACHE AS A BABY


New Information Management stuff
-----

* provide a well documented set of core network information management serveices that support data preservation and re-use
* lower the barrier to adoption
* etc. :: add more ::
* physical entity or more PI's
* governance / operations committee
* administrative functions are needed

* Operations Committee:
- NISAC, IM EXEC, etc. committees will have over lap
